Use rollup watch API to add watch command (#169)
dolthub/react-library: README.dev.md

To remove the yalc package in your app, run `yalc remove --all`.

## Watch mode

> Using `yalc` to watch for changes and automatically push.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `yalc` to watch for changes in the `components` package and automatically push.
```

1. In the root of `react-library`: 
```bash

> yarn clean

Reviewer: Can remove `yarn clean` here. That was just for testing that it works

yarn && yarn dbuild
```

2. Publish the `components` package, in `packages/components`:
```bash
yarn yalc:publish
```

3. Link the local package in your app:
```bash
yarn yalc @dolthub/react-components
```

4. Start watch mode in `packages/components`: 
```bash
yarn dbuild:watch
```

5. Make the changes, wait for the watch to finish building and pushing.

> 6. refresh the page to see the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Refresh the page in your browser to see the change.
```
